The first impression while analyzing the data was the pixels and lables. The lables were from 0-25 which represented a-z letters. The first step how can we process this data and how can we understand how actually the data is distributed , so with reshaping the data  ,how are images are that can be shown .It also shows that its a multiclass classification.
The second task involved how to select unique letters from given string and to build a model on top of it
After some analysis it was found that data set was imbalanced so to make the data balance undersampling method was used to bring majority class and minorty class to same level , so by using randomunderSapmling , the data set was balanced
Also. Data Augmentation was used , so that we can save us from overfitting. Data Augmentation enables us to significantly increase the diversity of data available for training models, without actually collecting new data, so that model can perform well.
 CNN model was build as it has different filter and feature extraction layer such as max pooling wo extract best pixels.
Cnn sequential model is used as it allows you to build a model layer by layer. We use the 'add()' function to add layers to our model. Our first 2 layers are Conv2D layers. These are convolution layers that will deal with our input images, which are seen as 2-dimensional matrices.
Activations functions were applied such as relu and softmax.Softmax because it is used as the activation function for multi-class classification problems where class membership is required on more than two class labels To optimize and fine tune the model Adam has been used. 
 Also, to avoid the model to overfit dropout is used so that we can get good accuracy on training as well as test set.
 To train the model batch size of 128 images per step of epoch were taken and total no pf epochs were taken as four, at 4th iteration it gave accuracy of 0.97 and loss of 0.05
This classification model can be used for digits classification , and with bit of enhancements and modification it can be used to to extrct text from images and other     ocr projects 
